Software Developer - Irdeto
https://career4.successfactors.com/career?company=irdeto&career_ns=job_listing&navBarLevel=JOB_SEARCH&_s.crb=l9rBVUNJR2iq%2fpkJeq1oPA7un3A%3d&career_job_req_id=10461&jobPipeline=Indeed

Software Developer - Prime Choice Auto Parts
https://career4.successfactors.com/career?company=irdeto&career_ns=job_listing&navBarLevel=JOB_SEARCH&_s.crb=l9rBVUNJR2iq%2fpkJeq1oPA7un3A%3d&career_job_req_id=10461&jobPipeline=Indeed

Intermediate, Software Engineer - Interactyx
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Interactyx/jobs/Intermediate-f62de7e8665ec900?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk8_FL_gd6Ab5B-Jo9hca3_fOAAgYzNf8YGGo_SJnt9Pg-ebZ1zhZyPu9OJZXGFIdiqMEqGGMO2PssSVT8MfPL9o

Software Developer - IBM
https://career4.successfactors.com/career?company=irdeto&career_ns=job_listing&navBarLevel=JOB_SEARCH&_s.crb=l9rBVUNJR2iq%2fpkJeq1oPA7un3A%3d&career_job_req_id=10461&jobPipeline=Indeed

Software Developer (Development Operations) - Kinaxis
http://chp.tbe.taleo.net/chp01/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=KINAXIS&cws=1&rid=503&source=Indeed

Front End Developer - Sitecore
http://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/sitecore/job/oC3t3fwV?__jvst=Job%20Board&__jvsd=Indeed

Server Developer - You.i
https://youi.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=38&source=indeed&src=indeed&postedDate=2016-08-12

Software Developer - Canadian Institute for Health Information
https://career4.successfactors.com/career?company=irdeto&career_ns=job_listing&navBarLevel=JOB_SEARCH&_s.crb=l9rBVUNJR2iq%2fpkJeq1oPA7un3A%3d&career_job_req_id=10461&jobPipeline=Indeed

Software Developer - Fusebill
https://career4.successfactors.com/career?company=irdeto&career_ns=job_listing&navBarLevel=JOB_SEARCH&_s.crb=l9rBVUNJR2iq%2fpkJeq1oPA7un3A%3d&career_job_req_id=10461&jobPipeline=Indeed

Software Developer - Halogen Software
https://career4.successfactors.com/career?company=irdeto&career_ns=job_listing&navBarLevel=JOB_SEARCH&_s.crb=l9rBVUNJR2iq%2fpkJeq1oPA7un3A%3d&career_job_req_id=10461&jobPipeline=Indeed

Software Developer - MindBridge Analytics Inc.
https://career4.successfactors.com/career?company=irdeto&career_ns=job_listing&navBarLevel=JOB_SEARCH&_s.crb=l9rBVUNJR2iq%2fpkJeq1oPA7un3A%3d&career_job_req_id=10461&jobPipeline=Indeed

Associate Developer - SolarWinds
http://solarwinds.jobs/ottawa-on/associate-developer/CCA435E431864F049BC02A81222AFFA2/job/?utm_campaign=Indeed&vs=1554&utm_medium=Job%20Aggregator&utm_source=Indeed-DE

Watson Analytics Software Developer - IBM
https://krb-sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=26059&siteid=5016&jobid=66587&AReq=57925BR&Codes=JB_IndeedOrganic&st=6791&utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Systems Software Developer - BlackBerry
https://bb.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/BlackBerry/job/Ottawa-Ontario/Systems-Software-Developer_20160836-1?source=indeed

C++ Software Developer - SPLICE
http://app.jobvite.com/CompanyJobs/Careers.aspx?k=Job&c=qCU9Vfwk&j=oZGg2fwH&s=Indeed

Software Developer (Integration Technologies) - Kinaxis
http://chp.tbe.taleo.net/chp01/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=KINAXIS&cws=1&rid=501&source=Indeed

Programmer Software Developer - SPLICE
http://app.jobvite.com/CompanyJobs/Careers.aspx?k=Job&c=qCU9Vfwk&j=o2ZS2fwF&s=Indeed

Web Developer - Nortak Software Ltd.
http://www.indeed.ca/Web-Developer-jobs-in-Ottawa,-ON

Software Developer / Research Analyst - MDA Corporation
http://careers.mdacorporation.com/corporate/careers/postings/T16064.cfm?simple=1

Software Application Developers - Customer Expressions
http://www.customerexpressions.com/CEx/cexweb.nsf/(GetPages2)/Careers#Software%20Application%20Developers

Java Developer - Canadian Bank Note Company, Limited
http://clients.njoyn.com/cl4/xweb/Xweb.asp?tbtoken=ZlhfRBMXCB5zZQR0N1clCCNAAmxEcCNbdEgjV18NExVaLUcTLUYfdGp0BwkbUhNUTXgqWA%3D%3D&chk=dFlbQBJe&clid=66648&Page=JobDetails&Jobid=J0816-0069&BRID=31417&lang=1

Cognos Analytics Software Developer - IBM
https://krb-sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=26059&siteid=5016&jobid=64472&AReq=55867BR&Codes=JB_IndeedOrganic&st=6791&utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Front End Developer - Transparent Kitchen
http://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/sitecore/job/oC3t3fwV?__jvst=Job%20Board&__jvsd=Indeed

Senior Software Developer - Global IQX
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Global-IQX/jobs/Senior-Software-Developer-43524be1788088f9?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk1EQcCGKPDd26qp_pQ6XvqMvSo8GlK_ZY7ebyw9_zaZz_EoCuayx6_qisKvsMazn6vjX0_HXiXUwSVxxkYpr03M

Application Manager - University of Ottawa
https://client.njoyn.com/CL2/xweb/Xweb.asp?tbtoken=YFtcShkXCGouJS5ALiReFHwCRSBQCFVPcmxEcFVdBEggVisOE2NbWDEdXkFtchAHcAkbVhJSQXEqWA%3D%3D&chk=dFlbQBJe&clid=27081&page=jobdetails&jobid=J0816-0141&SBDID=936&LANG=1

GIS Programmer - TAG HR- The Associates Group Human Resources
http://ca.indeed.com/job/gis-programmer-ed890bbcee3335df

New Grad Software Developer - Iceberg Networks
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Iceberg-Networks/jobs/New-Grad-Software-Developer-fd0bc08cd5756d5a

Software Developer - General Dynamics Information Technology Canada, Li...
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

Java Programmer (ID357) - The VCAN Group Inc.
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/The-VCAN-Group-Inc./jobs/Java-Programmer-c36cfd432643e6c5

Java and C# Software Developer - Maplesoft Group
http://www.maplesoftgroup.com/en/careers/job-opportunities/java-and-c-software-developer

Junior Web Developer - ProPet Software Inc.
http://www.propetware.com/junior-web-developer

Java Developer - Maplesoft Group
http://www.indeed.com/forum/job/Java-Developer.html

Software Developer - Akimbo Creations
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

Software Designer - Alcatel-Lucent
https://aluperf.taleo.net/careersection/10000/jobdetail.ftl?lang=en&job=1013612&src=JB-10760

C# Developer - Canadian Bank Note Company, Limited
http://clients.njoyn.com/cl4/xweb/Xweb.asp?tbtoken=ZlhfSxkXCGh6FHJ3NSRTCFpJdxJEcFdbckggJlwEExBeXjVoWzJqchYDcwkbUhNUTXgqWA%3D%3D&chk=dFlbQBJe&clid=66648&Page=JobDetails&Jobid=J0816-0088&BRID=31447&lang=1

Software Verification Engineer - InGenius
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/InGenius/jobs/Software-Verification-Engineer-d7f43faf45434f33

Junior .NET Developer - Kivuto Solutions Inc.
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Kivuto-Solutions-Inc./jobs/Junior-Net-Developer-afd6caf38ddd2b81

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER â€“ NETWORK PLANNING SOFTWARE - Ciena
https://ciena-openhire.silkroad.com/epostings/index.cfm?fuseaction=app.jobinfo&jobid=4798&source=ONLINE&JobOwner=994171&company_id=16622&version=4&byBusinessUnit=NULL&bycountry=0&bystate=0&byRegion=&bylocation=&keywords=&byCat=&proximityCountry=&postalCode=&radiusDistance=&isKilometers=&tosearch=yes&city=

Software Developer - Python - High Tech Genesis
http://hightechgenesis.com/careers007-019-HTG.html

Web Application Developer - L-SPARK
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Cliniconex/jobs/Web-Application-Developer-1280f6db0e5eb673

Senior Application Developer/Analyst - Algonquin College
https://xweb2.algonquincollege.com/HRApplication/ui/JobPosting.aspx?JobID=2841

Web Developer - WebMarketers
http://www.indeed.ca/Web-Developer-jobs-in-Ottawa,-ON

Intermediate Software Developer - ADGA Group Consultants Inc.
http://www.adga.ca/en/careers/it-and-software-development/2-441-intermediate-software-developer.html

Software Developer - InnoVision Consulting Inc.
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

Full Stack Developer - MSi Corp
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/MSi-Corp/jobs/Full-Stack-Developer-fa3e75520fc837a4

Junior IPD SR Deep Packet Inspection Test Engineer - Alcatel-Lucent
https://aluperf.taleo.net/careersection/10000/jobdetail.ftl?lang=en&job=1001106&src=JB-10760

Hybris Developer - Thinkwrap Commerce
http://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/thinkwrap/job/oOry3fwA?__jvst=Job%20Board&__jvsd=Indeed

Java Software Developer - SPLICE
http://app.jobvite.com/CompanyJobs/Careers.aspx?k=Job&c=qCU9Vfwk&j=oAFQ2fwR&s=Indeed

Software Developer - TOVIFIT
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

JavaScript Software Developer - Aetonix
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Aetonix/jobs/Javascript-Software-Developer-fcd31c2fa889731d

Software Developer - SimFront Simulation Systems Corporation
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

Software QA Engineer - High Tech Genesis
http://hightechgenesis.com/careers005-026-HTG.html

LAMP Developer - Tiree Consulting
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Tiree-Consulting/jobs/Lamp-Developer-824c505bc4102458

Intermediate or Senior Software Developer - CENX
https://cenx.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=140&source=indeed&src=indeed&postedDate=2016-08-02

Java Developer - Intermediate - 6 positions - Capital Ridge
http://capital-ridge.com/site/candidates/current-searches/java-developer-intermediate-6-positions/?utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Software Defined network (SDN) Developer - Huawei Canada
http://chj.tbe.taleo.net/chj04/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=HUAWEICA&cws=1&rid=720&source=Indeed

Software Cloud Developer - Pythian
https://careersen-pythian.icims.com/jobs/2014/software-cloud-developer/job?in_iframe=1

ASSOCIATE SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS DEVELOPER - Mitel
http://domino1.mitel.com/hr_kan/recruitment.nsf/bacd4dab9ab3d64c852575620033efb1/faf57b848b097a3b85257ef80075f575?OpenDocument

Software Developer - You.i
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

Wordpress Developer - The Hill Times Publishing
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/The-Hill-Times-Publishing/jobs/Wordpress-Developer-d18ebc0afc985cf6

Software Developer - PinPoint Talent
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

Developer - IMS Health
https://imshealth.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/IMSHEALTH/job/Ottawa-ON/Developer_R999747-4?source=70002

Junior .NET Developer - Lixar I.T.
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Lixar-I.T./jobs/Junior-Net-Developer-83b0cf9f8c7a24ad

