Software Developer - Prime Choice Auto Parts
https://krb-sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=26059&siteid=5016&jobid=64917&AReq=56298BR&Codes=JB_IndeedOrganic&st=6791&utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Software Developer - Kuatro Technologies, Inc
https://krb-sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=26059&siteid=5016&jobid=64917&AReq=56298BR&Codes=JB_IndeedOrganic&st=6791&utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Intermediate, Software Engineer - Interactyx
Clicking Error

Software Developer - IBM
https://krb-sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=26059&siteid=5016&jobid=64917&AReq=56298BR&Codes=JB_IndeedOrganic&st=6791&utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Software Developer (Development Operations) - Kinaxis
http://chp.tbe.taleo.net/chp01/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=KINAXIS&cws=1&rid=503&source=Indeed

Server Developer - You.i
https://youi.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=38&source=indeed&src=indeed&postedDate=2016-08-12

Web Developer - WebMarketers
http://www.indeed.ca/Web-Developer-jobs-in-Ottawa,-ON

Front End Developer - Sitecore
http://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/sitecore/job/oC3t3fwV?__jvst=Job%20Board&__jvsd=Indeed

Associate Developer - SolarWinds
http://solarwinds.jobs/ottawa-on/associate-developer/CCA435E431864F049BC02A81222AFFA2/job/?utm_campaign=Indeed&vs=1554&utm_medium=Job%20Aggregator&utm_source=Indeed-DE

Embedded Firmware Developer - Diablo Technologies
http://www.diablo-technologies.com/careers/embedded-firmware-developer/

Software Developer - MindBridge Analytics Inc.
https://krb-sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=26059&siteid=5016&jobid=64917&AReq=56298BR&Codes=JB_IndeedOrganic&st=6791&utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Software Developer - Fusebill
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

Software Developer - Canadian Institute for Health Information
https://krb-sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=26059&siteid=5016&jobid=64917&AReq=56298BR&Codes=JB_IndeedOrganic&st=6791&utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Watson Analytics Software Developer - IBM
https://krb-sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=26059&siteid=5016&jobid=66587&AReq=57925BR&Codes=JB_IndeedOrganic&st=6791&utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Software Developer - Halogen Software
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/TekSavvy-Solutions-Inc./jobs/Software-Developer-9d8af047bd11cfb3?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2hmXdXSRi0m75BCTfQ1KMhC9FF4FTipVz7gc5oyQrMnA

Software Application Developers - Customer Expressions
http://www.customerexpressions.com/CEx/cexweb.nsf/(GetPages2)/Careers#Software%20Application%20Developers

Software Defined network (SDN) Developer - Huawei Canada
http://chj.tbe.taleo.net/chj04/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=HUAWEICA&cws=1&rid=720&source=Indeed

Web Content Developer - University of Ottawa
https://client.njoyn.com/CL2/xweb/Xweb.asp?tbtoken=YVBQRB8XCB0CZ3YFNiRRCCZLA2NEcCNeA0hZIl95ExIsKkRqKzYZcBFxBQkbVhJSQXEqWA%3D%3D&chk=dFlbQBJe&clid=27081&page=jobdetails&jobid=J0816-0372&SBDID=936&LANG=1

Software Developer (Integration Technologies) - Kinaxis
http://chp.tbe.taleo.net/chp01/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=KINAXIS&cws=1&rid=501&source=Indeed

Junior Web Developer - ProPet Software Inc.
http://www.propetware.com/junior-web-developer

C# Developer - Canadian Bank Note Company, Limited
http://clients.njoyn.com/cl4/xweb/Xweb.asp?tbtoken=ZltbRB4XCB1wY3dzMSNcCFY9eRVEcCRVBkgjIVgME21QXkQeWDYZcmMGBAkbUhNUTXgqWA%3D%3D&chk=dFlbQBJe&clid=66648&Page=JobDetails&Jobid=J0816-0088&BRID=31447&lang=1

Software Developer - General Dynamics Information Technology Canada, Li...
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

Front End Developer - Transparent Kitchen
http://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/sitecore/job/oC3t3fwV?__jvst=Job%20Board&__jvsd=Indeed

Application Manager - University of Ottawa
Clicking Error

Software Development Manager - Prime Choice Auto Parts
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Development-Manager-cf617071afeace38?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2mgGx4Vnp4LSSA72WT-k1EbUdCgo1goLVAJsF7NYfoYVifD5x5-NKrAWHuPkIrmVw

Junior .NET Developer - Kivuto Solutions Inc.
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Kivuto-Solutions-Inc./jobs/Junior-Net-Developer-afd6caf38ddd2b81

Android Software Developer - Alcatel-Lucent
https://aluperf.taleo.net/careersection/10000/jobdetail.ftl?lang=en&job=1026147&src=JB-10760

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER â€“ NETWORK PLANNING SOFTWARE - Ciena
https://ciena-openhire.silkroad.com/epostings/index.cfm?fuseaction=app.jobinfo&jobid=4798&source=ONLINE&JobOwner=994171&company_id=16622&version=4&byBusinessUnit=NULL&bycountry=0&bystate=0&byRegion=&bylocation=&keywords=&byCat=&proximityCountry=&postalCode=&radiusDistance=&isKilometers=&tosearch=yes&city=

Web Developer - Nortak Software Ltd.
http://www.indeed.ca/Web-Developer-jobs-in-Ottawa,-ON

Software Designer - Alcatel-Lucent
https://aluperf.taleo.net/careersection/10000/jobdetail.ftl?lang=en&job=1013612&src=JB-10760

Java Developer - Intermediate - 6 positions - Capital Ridge
http://capital-ridge.com/site/candidates/current-searches/java-developer-intermediate-6-positions/?utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Software Developer - Akimbo Creations
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

C++ Software Developer - SPLICE
http://app.jobvite.com/CompanyJobs/Careers.aspx?k=Job&c=qCU9Vfwk&j=oZGg2fwH&s=Indeed

Java Developer - Canadian Bank Note Company, Limited
http://clients.njoyn.com/cl4/xweb/Xweb.asp?tbtoken=ZltbRB0XCB17ZHV4N1dVCFJAcRBEcFNVdUhZUVF%2FE2ArWUsTUUNtcWAuJS5ALiReBwkbUhNUTXgqWA%3D%3D&chk=dFlbQBJe&clid=66648&Page=JobDetails&Jobid=J0816-0069&BRID=31417&lang=1

Software Developer / Research Analyst - MDA Corporation
http://careers.mdacorporation.com/corporate/careers/postings/T16064.cfm?simple=1

Systems Software Developer - BlackBerry
https://bb.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/BlackBerry/job/Ottawa-Ontario/Systems-Software-Developer_20160836-1?source=indeed

Java and C# Software Developer - Maplesoft Group
http://www.maplesoftgroup.com/en/careers/job-opportunities/java-and-c-software-developer

Software Developer - InnoVision Consulting Inc.
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

Software Cloud Developer - Pythian
https://careersen-pythian.icims.com/jobs/2014/software-cloud-developer/job?in_iframe=1

Java Developer - Maplesoft Group
http://clients.njoyn.com/cl4/xweb/Xweb.asp?tbtoken=ZltbRBMXCG4CanUuJS5ALiReMiNdCCNPcWxEcCUuB0ggJlp5E2FQWUMYXDYbAmcuJS5ALiReeQkbUhNUTXgqWA%3D%3D&chk=dFlbQBJe&clid=66648&Page=JobDetails&Jobid=J0816-0069&BRID=31417&lang=1

Programmer Software Developer - SPLICE
http://app.jobvite.com/CompanyJobs/Careers.aspx?k=Job&c=qCU9Vfwk&j=o2ZS2fwF&s=Indeed

New Grad Software Developer - Iceberg Networks
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Iceberg-Networks/jobs/New-Grad-Software-Developer-fd0bc08cd5756d5a

Junior PHP Developer - ProPet Software Inc.
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/ProPet-Software-Inc./jobs/Junior-PHP-Developer-e584d96d18aec5e2

GIS Programmer - TAG HR- The Associates Group Human Resources
http://ca.indeed.com/job/gis-programmer-ed890bbcee3335df

R&D Support Developer - Kinaxis
http://chp.tbe.taleo.net/chp01/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=KINAXIS&cws=1&rid=497&source=Indeed

Intermediate Software Developer - ADGA Group Consultants Inc.
http://www.adga.ca/en/careers/it-and-software-development/2-441-intermediate-software-developer.html

Software Developer - You.i
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8?sjdu=vQIlM60yK_PwYat7ToXhk9I8NiHOQ-7v2o66QU9DKp2Qj089nEid-hYlttdeActg8DBJZ9dbv_j6x6fWWhMmRw

Intermediate Software Developer - Assent Compliance Inc
http://www.adga.ca/en/careers/it-and-software-development/2-441-intermediate-software-developer.html

Junior .NET Developer - Lixar I.T.
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Lixar-I.T./jobs/Junior-Net-Developer-83b0cf9f8c7a24ad

Intermediate or Senior Software Developer - CENX
https://cenx.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=140&source=indeed&src=indeed&postedDate=2016-08-02

Java Developers - Web Services - Ottawa - Capital Ridge
http://capital-ridge.com/site/candidates/current-searches/java-developers-web-services/?utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Web Application Developer - L-SPARK
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Cliniconex/jobs/Web-Application-Developer-1280f6db0e5eb673

Software Developer - TOVIFIT
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8

Full Stack Developer - MSi Corp
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/MSi-Corp/jobs/Full-Stack-Developer-fa3e75520fc837a4

Software Developer - SimFront Simulation Systems Corporation
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8

Junior IPD SR Deep Packet Inspection Test Engineer - Alcatel-Lucent
https://aluperf.taleo.net/careersection/10000/jobdetail.ftl?lang=en&job=1001106&src=JB-10760

ASSOCIATE SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS DEVELOPER - Mitel
http://domino1.mitel.com/hr_kan/recruitment.nsf/bacd4dab9ab3d64c852575620033efb1/faf57b848b097a3b85257ef80075f575?OpenDocument

Java Software Developer - SPLICE
http://app.jobvite.com/CompanyJobs/Careers.aspx?k=Job&c=qCU9Vfwk&j=oAFQ2fwR&s=Indeed

Software Developer - PinPoint Talent
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Prime-Choice-Auto-Parts/jobs/Software-Developer-f1d3702a141aa5d8

C++ Software Developer (Network Transport & Object Storage)... - Signiant
http://www.signiant.com/software-developer-network-transport-object-storage/

Software Verification Engineer - InGenius
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/InGenius/jobs/Software-Verification-Engineer-d7f43faf45434f33

JavaScript Software Developer - Aetonix
http://www.indeed.ca/cmp/Aetonix/jobs/Javascript-Software-Developer-fcd31c2fa889731d

Web Developer - Industrial Agency
http://www.indeed.ca/Web-Developer-jobs-in-Ottawa,-ON

Web Developer - CyberNetIQ
http://www.indeed.ca/Web-Developer-jobs-in-Ottawa,-ON

